Tell me guys have a gamer in the area ?
Luís
I'm here to bring a quick video
for you blackbox one trash
a lot of people have asked me how
puts the codes that come in the games a
bought live
or how do you even buy the live
for those who do not know there and see the internet
of the xbox as much of the year as 360 and
you get one in an account from one you
You can use the same account another okay
Come on it 's very simple the guys come here
in settings
We're going on subscriptions and here we go.
learn more about gold signature
we apply here and here we will have
some information about what you can do
skype on internet explorer and some
things are over there, let's go aquino continue
here is a 12-month live gold
xbox live for 89 reais a month and live
gold for 15 reais you want to use one
code if it has a code there that came
any game or bought is placed here
It uses the qr code if had option're not
you have to enter the numbers that come in the
card was this information is that I
I wanted to make you feel like you said
a lot of people asked me that most
of people asked me this are
people who have never had a
microsoft né
so it's very complicated and it only took
playstation your mother of psn or not né
because it was not mandatory before the psn but
is that guys gave you the favorite in the
video you liked and to help
disclosure of the channel if it does not
be enrolled if you have any other
I'll leave a playlist here and everyone
the xbox videos the year I did is
if you do not have a video you 're looking for
You can ask here in the comments ok
What I say, do a video talking.
about then is this guys thanks a lot
by preview
good and even more